    After her success last night, Samantha couldn't wait to try sleepychat again. After struggling for so long to see her fantasy become reality, she couldn't believe how easy it was to finally get results. She had almost begun to blame herself for not trying hard enough to be a good subject, but last night seemed effortless, more like a casual conversation than a semi-mystical domination of her mind. She definitely wanted more. She needed more.
    So, after a productive day, Samantha sat down at her computer, and made her way to sleepychat.com once again. After filling out and submitting the simple form, she was almost immediately connected.
    
6:22:07 pm: [INFO] Hi there, SamanthaIAm! You're now connected to the server.
6:22:07 pm: [INFO] Waiting for a new chat partner...
6:22:15 pm: [INFO] Found a chat partner! Say hello to ScottB, a male hypnotist.

    This was the same guy as last time, she realized. She felt her heart jump. It took her a few seconds to realize that her partner had said anything.

ScottB: Hi
SamanthaIAm:Oh, hi :)
ScottB: Ah, you again :)
ScottB: From yesterday
SamanthaIAm: Yes, that's right.
ScottB: So, are you looking to be hypnotized again?
SamanthaIAm: I am
ScottB: Okay :)
ScottB: Is there anything you want to do in particular?

    Samantha didn't care what he did to her. All she knew is that she needed to feel that feeling again. She needed to experience that loss of control, and this person was the only so far to do just that. Her hands trembled as she made out her reply.

SamahtaIAm: Um... Anything really.
ScottB: Okay
ScottB: Are you ready to start?
SamanthaIAm: sure

    Samantha typed in the number 5 and hit enter. She didn't remember exactly why, but the moment she did, she felt wide awake, alert, and better than her best night's sleep. As she stretched her arms high above her head, her chat partner sent another message.

ScottB: Hi
SamanthaIAm: :)
ScottB: How do you feel?
SamanthaIAm: wow... I feel great...
SamanthaIAm: so what did you do this time?
ScottB: It's a secret :)
ScottB: You'll see.
SamanthaIAm: what do you mean?
ScottB: It'll be a surprise!

    Samantha took a moment to think. She tried as hard as she could to remember the trance, but she couldn't, and scrolling up past the number 5 looked like a completely blank space. Her breathing picked up in no time at all. She just couldn't believe what was happening, yet her eyes refused to let her deny it. After a long moment, and a "You there?" from ScottB, she began to calm down, and then proceeded to ask:

SamanthaIAm: It won't affect my normal life will it? I'm not into humiliation.
ScottB: Oh don't worry. It won't go that far.
ScottB: Unless you want it to.

    That made her feel safer, but did nothing to satisfy her curiousity. She almost felt like she would beg to know, but another message distracted her.

ScottB: So, are you alone?
SamanthaIAm: yes
ScottB: Good. So what should we take off first?
ScottB: Your pink tanktop, or your white shorts?
SamanthaIAm: I uhh
ScottB: I think the tanktop should go first.

    Before she even finished reading, her hands grabbed onto the bottom of her shirt, and pulled up. Again, she realized what she was doing, but just could not stop it. Her arms continued to rise, and as her top crested her breasts, a wave of arousal and helplessness came over her. She struggled just to think, astonished at what had happened. Her breath quickened yet again, and once her arms stopped moving of their own will, she instinctively covered herself. It took another moment to begin her reply.

SamanthaIAm: hey! How do you do that? I know you have the brackets thing, but how
ScottB: I just asked you :)
ScottB: So, how do you like that outfit you have on?
SamanthaIAm: It's fine, i guess...
ScottB: Do you normally go out in public like that?
SamanthaIAm: It's actually just my work out clothes, so not too often.
ScottB: I think you should look down.

    In that moment, it felt a little cold. Samantha looked down and saw that the only thing on her body was her panties. All of her clothes, save for those light pink panties, were strewn around her chair. Her breath caught in her throat, and she felt the most delicious sense of vulnerability. Her hands moved faster than her mind.

SamanthaIAm: oh my god!
SamanthaIAm: when di you
ScottB: Just now :)
SamanthaIAm: i cant believe it

    No sooner than she reached down to grab her shorts had she found that she had already been redressed. She felt a bit confused for a second as to what had just happened, when she realized she felt calm and yet alert, just as before.
